hi my love's so this is one of my
favorite outfits and steps with
something I'd wear on a date it's
stylish it's cheap at the same time it's
not to open and you feel comfortable as
well my addresses from always up and the
shoes are worried i'm from elias may and
you can definitely personalize it with
accessories and a handbag and yes main
thing is to be yourself and to have fun
check out my outfits don't forget to
check out the beautiful girls channels
that i'm going to be linking below for
their outfit ID because they're all
doing very well i'm here with three
beautiful women from sydney and
melbourne you can introduce yourself if
you like i'm danny from danny lymph
reverse i'm amy from amy sullivan I'm
Melinda from Melinda int yeah I'll put
all their legs a village their channels
but a mere so we're actually having a
discussion about dating and with tips
and tricks on you know dating rules I
guess I'm and the question on my channel
I'm gonna answer is um is it weird so my
question is is a weird for you to kind
of text him after the day or when I
shoot you where should you tell your
girls perspective um yeah doesn't slip
so I could be so we're going to answer
the question our opinion wise and you
guys come up a lot on what your thoughts
are on this whole topic my thoughts are
I feel like the guy should text as
cliche as that sounds so I just feel
like that's I don't know like after day
especially being his idea and he's
taking you out he should text like
okay too goodnight lover buff but then
again you should it's like a two-way
street you should definitely takes back
and kind of stay polite and be nice
yeah like I definitely think it needs
really cheered when you've just gotten
out of time you know thanks for coming
tonight and really good till I say thank
you maybe are you know if I take you out
but it's still really nice bigger I
think you should takes you off the other
day but if he doesn't
well
with me I think yeah the guy probably
it's easier if a guy text you cuz i
don't know girls I don't want to be too
forward with someone but if I like
someone I like someone kind of here but
I prefer to wait to make sure that they
feel the same way so I'd rather wait for
them to text me first just soon um it is
really cute though like you know a
couple hours after the day you get a
message saying hey I had a really good
time with India I asked you I mean as a
girl if you haven't heard from them in
like you know a day like maybe you could
send them that message then saying had a
really great time would love to do it
again they don't respond the dirts fun
they're missing out but like you know
you just I think just just be casual
about it don't be too cool on but just
be really polite and so you're looking
forward to the next time yeah I always
ask Lord work what it takes what I'm
going on a date I haven't dated in a
while those are haha yeah so like on a
first day of course I'd like a guide to
text me back feel okay how's it going
people like me I hope you got me stay
it's to check up on you see people gone
home safely in life do you see Charlie
again I like that instead of me texting
him like I feel like I'm really eager to
like me with him I feel like I'm really
like desperate to be liked I want you as
a boyfriend I check my phone like every
five seconds where is he like I don't
want to be like that type of person I
was waiting even text me that it's
sweeter that we've got our opinions by
the comment below on what your thoughts
are in question
so my fish is one of these goals on that
day my question you the rules on dating
what rooms are dark where the park and
also don't forget to check out wrong
waves big sale on their leggings by